# Individual Project for HENRY: Dogtopia!🐶
<p>My first complete project for HENRY's individual project was from a random API they selected for me.</p>
<p>The objective was to build a Single Page Application(SPA) from scratch given a certain initial boiler plate.
I had to connect sequelize to a PostgreSQL database. In my case I had a many to many relationship between the models in the database so I had to make models and then connect them via sequelize to PostgreSQL.</p>
<p>In the back end, I had to fetch all the dogs API information and then stored it into a variable.To do this, I used expressJS.  After that, I gathered all the database info and also stored it.When I was done, I combined the two variables into one and then used this combination of database and API to manage the information that was sent to the front-end. I had to do GET and POST but also practiced PUT and DELETE for the edit and delete of the dogs I created in the front-end. </p>
<p>In the front-end, I used ReactJS along with ReduxJS. First I setted up redux's store for stage management. To this end, I wrapped the index.js component in redux's provider. After this, I built the store.js component where I made the store.I also imported redux's thunk to make use of asyncronous functions in components. Then I coded the actions and after that the reducers. In the actions I fetched the information from the back-end, and sent it to the reducers along with the type I wanted it to execute. In the reducers, I built the logic of the actions and also defined the Initial State, filters and sort. Once I was done with this, I built the components one by one.</p>
<p>The components are: Searchbar, CreateDog, Home, Landing, Error(404), ValidationForm(where I put the logic for the form validation), pagination, card, detail.</p>
<p>After everything was made, I only had to connect everything with imports. Then I built two private repositories, one for the back end, which I had to configure and then deploy to Heroku and one for the Front End that I deployed to Vercel.</p>
<a href="https://pifrontdogs.vercel.app/home">Here's a link to my deploy!</a>

